kube-system   calico-kube-controllers-99f457df4-qzqcj   1/1     Running   0          3m51s
kube-system   calico-node-w95bp                         1/1     Running   0          3m52s
kube-system   calico-node-x7gpv                         1/1     Running   0          3m52s
kube-system   calico-node-z55lz                         1/1     Running   0          3m52s
kube-system   coredns-fb8b8dccf-2sjzj                   1/1     Running   1          23h
kube-system   coredns-fb8b8dccf-bwkcg                   1/1     Running   1          23h
kube-system   etcd-m                                    1/1     Running   1          23h
kube-system   kube-apiserver-m                          1/1     Running   1          23h
kube-system   kube-controller-manager-m                 1/1     Running   1          23h
kube-system   kube-proxy-m8td7                          1/1     Running   0          22h
kube-system   kube-proxy-trxq2                          1/1     Running   1          23h
kube-system   kube-proxy-xmmrf                          1/1     Running   0          22h
kube-system   kube-scheduler-m                          1/1     Running   1          23h


【kubectl get pods --all-namespaces】

[root@m ~]# kubectl get pods --all-namespaces
NAMESPACE       NAME                                        READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
default         exe-shell-77b44975b6-5b85j                  1/1     Running   0          93s
ingress-nginx   nginx-ingress-controller-7c66dcdd6c-8phpx   1/1     Running   0          4m45s
kube-system     calico-kube-controllers-99f457df4-nz9tl     1/1     Running   0          8m46s
kube-system     calico-node-62256                           1/1     Running   0          7m33s
kube-system     calico-node-dk2df                           1/1     Running   0          6m54s
kube-system     calico-node-jcjwn                           1/1     Running   0          8m46s
kube-system     coredns-fb8b8dccf-jwfbf                     1/1     Running   0          10m
kube-system     coredns-fb8b8dccf-shj22                     1/1     Running   0          10m
kube-system     etcd-m                                      1/1     Running   0          9m34s
kube-system     kube-apiserver-m                            1/1     Running   0          9m32s
kube-system     kube-controller-manager-m                   1/1     Running   0          9m31s
kube-system     kube-proxy-7lgwg                            1/1     Running   0          7m33s
kube-system     kube-proxy-dzr4b                            1/1     Running   0          6m54s
kube-system     kube-proxy-vjm9h                            1/1     Running   0          10m
kube-system     kube-scheduler-m                            1/1     Running   0          9m14s
